README.md, before:

---
description: >-
  What are we doing for this... Tommy can probably just semi copy a sentence ion
  his own words then erase the old one on this page
cover: .gitbook/assets/BannerTraditrionalFINISHED (1).png
coverY: 124
---

# 🥷 Introduction

The has been a meteoric rise of consumer grade AI applications recently, and a growing public awareness of the unavoidable integration of AI applications into nearly every industry and profession worldwide in the near future.

Whether met with skepticism or embraced, the inevitability of use case applications has led to a massive influx of human and monetary capital, in the compute and foundational level operating systems that power these types of systems.&#x20;

It has been our belief for some time now, that the foundational level approach to building your AI/ML tech stack is the strongest and most robust technique in providing streamlined solutions, which allow for the integration of more complex systems, both as the technology progresses, and as your team becomes accustomed to existing tools to a degree in which they are able to maximize thier use and farmiliarize themselves with new ones.

As this particular industry moves lightning fast, and consequentially, existing systems are  inevitably layered, integrated, and often removed due to obsolescence from one another as amalgamations evolve; to create the most optimized environments and platforms in maximizing autonomous efficiency and output.&#x20;

Commit message:

GITBOOK-15: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

README.md, after:

---
description: >-
  Testing a commit to GitHub with this merge as it has been a while since any
  activity and integration.
cover: .gitbook/assets/BannerTraditrionalFINISHED (1).png
coverY: 124
---

# 🥷 Introduction

The has been a meteoric rise of consumer grade AI applications recently, and a growing public awareness of the unavoidable integration of AI applications into nearly every industry and profession worldwide in the near future.

Whether met with skepticism or embraced, the inevitability of use case applications has led to a massive influx of human and monetary capital, in the compute and foundational level operating systems that power these types of systems.&#x20;

It has been our belief for some time now, that the foundational level approach to building your AI/ML tech stack is the strongest and most robust technique in providing streamlined solutions, which allow for the integration of more complex systems, both as the technology progresses, and as your team becomes accustomed to existing tools to a degree in which they are able to maximize thier use and farmiliarize themselves with new ones.

As this particular industry moves lightning fast, and consequentially, existing systems are  inevitably layered, integrated, and often removed due to obsolescence from one another as amalgamations evolve; to create the most optimized environments and platforms in maximizing autonomous efficiency and output.&#x20;
